hello hello everyone make them big no
temple flexibility
after eight minutes
he clearly subjects
questions see wanted to tell my
viewers about what he is
so what happens to him and what he
products rollers as ankle news
I do not want to say that I had a good job
now every deputy in the industry is worth
but I will not say
now porridge
after all shout the picture of the pioneers
in the province can not actively carry out
the fact that this moment in the hospital building
okay you do not be offended but
try to do saw
report yurchishin yielding
Now I want to say that together with the system
good
well we suddenly them
good lesson
in the plane video network your career
on the screens
in total assets with that
to click
autumn spring with all this
for a term
ahead of all and now rating all the forces
so as say connecticut
during shooting video
mosque ambitions
but aycraft table
very interesting
project tips one of which
takes very simple
public viewing
subscribe to him but because he
no schoolchildren to return
ok year
17 years
that is, single at the channel and sign something
real cool dude
I'm at his home
I also want to say that he
and we did not see them
it's really
declare not to leave
quietly points
otherwise roman done
who did not understand the floor
third and so on
score on all kinds
about 4 million
I do not mind offended errors Klymenko do not know
nice little things
I was pleased of course does not mean and
Further
I want to say that
continuing Moscow
I can manchenko
until i will be
subscription ended
Nasirov's decree
he went to say it again
I just heard about it
seems to advertise servers network
such a project
there t-shirts over 3 thousand said that he saw
Only here
rubles
by the way shopping
in global
but no one gives
but a little network
February adding
public all questions
why went on
for this are the same
etc
and said that he was the first time
making
Artem jokes
big poppies
where he settled in the protection network of the whole network
not so much supposedly accumulated this step
plenipotentiary let go and now affected
Borisenko can hear how could the term itself the way in
gkps russia will do in port
etmanov will be soon
will pass
oaz square and holidays
continuation of maniacs connect
sitting on it would still be
he is worse on the eve of the channel where it is
everywhere
You can view
warehouse we are soft transfer amount
Wednesday exit
etc
all norms
miner still say
Now about the timing
the only thing for us
in Cherkasy
increased
we have in the general group
for several decades he
glad that we do not have meters Kostinsky
tourist operator psh image worried
but the fact that nothing but themselves
fourth suit
competition is unique
new channel complex
oh you can score too
oil honor to bring in this traffic jam
but I think that certainly
on the question whether can normally
ask questions
we will distinguish the form of pictures
chain group vkontakte style
I want to say that
subscribe
those who have not passed
which channel is it really so
credit videos
there are already a few
videos
Can this 800 people from list Yushchenko
subscribe to the second channel Tambov
probably will not do in Paris
boutique
exactly 10 years
all this
german skull
We will see
subscribe to how she probably clarified
argue but under another nickname
but shoving
tenge kWh
subscribe to
channel revenues
trustee rub
quick ambulance
have enter
signatures of the Polish side
in general, man
I will try to make the form very
just chechet
back in academy
about what things
he owes them now in the village
Amount of credits
in the world of their regalia
current day tons
even responsible at 0 9
investment and loans of course
rub 1 on 4
tomichi
we are honest and sneakers decide
improving your gate
report on violations
subscribers
my friends
fun to read all thanks for the past
But support Kutuzov his opinion
about timing
semashko